I think noticing someone who could be influences versus somebody who probably
won't change should be observed early on and as your as your
leading and as you're instructing, coaching, mentoring, whatever the
category of supervision you're using. If that individual is grasping
on and and maybe taking some of the criticisms, maybe some of the
the tips and the key items that you're giving, that's an individual
that is worth throwing your information to those who are not willing
to change, they're going to be in that situation. I think you still
need to be fair and offer up that information, but just know and understand
and not get your feelings hurt when they're not going to change
and they're going to do their own thing.